Add new doc related to topic names generation for Async API (#7639)
magento/devdocs: src/guides/v2.3/extension-dev-guide/message-queues/async-topics.md

---
group: php-developer-guide
title: Topics in Asynchronous API
contributor_name: comwrap GmbH
contributor_link: https://www.comwrap.com
functional_areas:
  - Services
---

Magento Queuing system is using topics exchange for managing messages. More detailed information about topics can be found [here](https://www.rabbitmq.com/tutorials/tutorial-five-python.html){:target="_blank"}.

> In Magento, topics are usually defined in communication.xml configuration files. See [Configure message queues]({{ page.baseurl }}/guides/v2.4/extension-dev-guide/message-queues/config-mq.html#communicationxml) https://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.4/extension-dev-guide/message-queues/config-mq.html#communicationxml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Magento, topics are usually defined in `communication.xml` configuration files. See [Configure message queues]({{ page.baseurl }}/guides/v2.4/extension-dev-guide/message-queues/config-mq.html#communicationxml)
```

### Generating of communication.xml

> `communication.xml` for asynchronous api, is pre-generated automatically by `WebapiAsync` module. This module also automatically generating topic names for asynchronous processes. File generation processed by `\Magento\WebapiAsync\Code\Generator\Config\RemoteServiceReader\Communication` class, which implements `\Magento\Framework\Config\ReaderInterface` and injected into `\Magento\Framework\Communication\Config\CompositeReader` constructor argument of main `di.xml` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`communication.xml` for asynchronous API, is pre-generated automatically by `WebapiAsync` module. This module also automatically generating topic names for asynchronous processes. File generation processed by `\Magento\WebapiAsync\Code\Generator\Config\RemoteServiceReader\Communication` class, which implements `\Magento\Framework\Config\ReaderInterface` and injected into `\Magento\Framework\Communication\Config\CompositeReader` constructor argument of main `di.xml` file.
```

```xml
<type name="Magento\Framework\Communication\Config\CompositeReader">
    <arguments>
        <argument name="readers" xsi:type="array">
            <item name="asyncServiceReader" xsi:type="array">
                <item name="reader" xsi:type="object">Magento\WebapiAsync\Code\Generator\Config\RemoteServiceReader\Communication</item>
                <item name="sortOrder" xsi:type="string">0</item>
            </item>
            <item name="xmlReader" xsi:type="array"> ... </item>
            ...
        </argument>
    </arguments>
</type>
```

> Sort order is set to 0 and this allow developers to change some aspect of generated configuration in following config readers such as `communication.xml`, `env.php`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sort order is set to 0 and this allows developers to change some aspects of generated configuration in the config readers such as `communication.xml`, `env.php`.
```

> `\Magento\Framework\Communication\Config\CompositeReader::read()` collects configs from defined readers and merge config from them to one config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`\Magento\Framework\Communication\Config\CompositeReader::read()` collects configuration records from defined readers and merges these records into one config.
```

> Because generation of topics config is based on schema type, generated `<topic>` xml, by default will be returned with `"sync"=true` and `response` based on service response definition. So `WebapiAsync` module will change those settings to `"sync"=false` and `response` set to null. This changes will allow to execute topics in asynchronous mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because the generation of topics config is based on schema type, generated `<topic>` XML, by default will be returned with `"sync"=true` and `response` based on service response definition. So `WebapiAsync` module will change those settings to `"sync"=false` and `response` set to null. These changes will allow to execute topics in asynchronous mode.
```

### Topics generation

> Asynchronous and Bulk APIs were built on top of standard Rest API. Topics for messages processing of the Asynchronous and Bulk Apis are generated automatically, together with `communication.xml` schema. This is done by `\Magento\WebapiAsync\Model\Config::getServices()`. Current method is responsible for retrieving all service contracts defined in `webapi.xml` files and generate topic names for corresponding asynchronous requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Asynchronous and Bulk APIs were built on top of standard Rest API. Topics for messages processing of the Asynchronous and Bulk APIs are generated automatically, together with `communication.xml` schema. This is done by `\Magento\WebapiAsync\Model\Config::getServices()`. Current method is responsible for retrieving all service contracts defined in `webapi.xml` files and generate topic names for corresponding asynchronous requests.
```

> `generateTopicNameFromService($serviceInterface, $serviceMethod, $httpMethod)` is responsible for generating topic name based on Service Contract interface, Service Contract method and http method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`generateTopicNameFromService($serviceInterface, $serviceMethod, $httpMethod)` is responsible for generating topic name based on Service Contract interface, Service Contract method and HTTP method.
```
